add GCC/Clang compiler versions for warning flags (#95)
lefticus/cppbestpractices: 02-Use_the_Tools_Available.md

 * `-Wcast-align` warn for potential performance problem casts
 * `-Wunused` warn on anything being unused
 * `-Woverloaded-virtual` warn if you overload (not override) a virtual function

>  * `-Wpedantic` (GCC only) warn if non-standard C++ is used

Reviewer: Huh? clang++ 4.0 supports `-Wpedantic` just fine.

Author: Sorry, must've missed it. -Wpedantic is actually supported in Clang >= 3.2.
```suggestion
 * `-Wpedantic` (all versions of GCC, Clang >= 3.2) warn if non-standard C++ is used
```
